README.md, before:

Solarized - KDE Konsole Settings
======================================

### [See official homepage for full content](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized)

About
-----
Solarized terminal theme for KDE 4's Konsole terminal client. This was adapted
from the [Xresources file](https://github.com/altercation/solarized/blob/9f1ba40686ccbf54f10851d4f1a14830fa543ae9/xresources-colors-solarized/Xresources) from March 31, 2011 and so contains the same color 
designations present there.

Installation
------------
1. Copy the colorscheme files to ~/.kde4/share/apps/konsole/. On your system this may be ~/.kde/ instead of ~/.kde4/.
2. Open Konsole and select Settings -> Manage Profiles -> Edit Profile -> Appearance, then select either of the Solarized themes.
3. Click OK, then close, and the Solarized settings should have taken effect.

Additional Apps
---------------
* If you like these colorschemes for konsole, you might enjoy @hayalci's support for [Kate and KColorChooser.](https://github.com/hayalci/kde-colors-solarized)

The Values
----------

L\*a\*b values are canonical (White D65, Reference D50), other values are 
matched in sRGB space.

    SOLARIZED HEX     16/8 TERMCOL  XTERM/HEX   L*A*B      RGB         HSB
    --------- ------- ---- -------  ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
    base03    #002b36  8/4 brblack  234 #1c1c1c 15 -12 -12   0  43  54 193 100  21
    base02    #073642  0/4 black    235 #262626 20 -12 -12   7  54  66 192  90  26
    base01    #586e75 10/7 brgreen  240 #585858 45 -07 -07  88 110 117 194  25  46
    base00    #657b83 11/7 bryellow 241 #626262 50 -07 -07 101 123 131 195  23  51
    base0     #839496 12/6 brblue   244 #808080 60 -06 -03 131 148 150 186  13  59
    base1     #93a1a1 14/4 brcyan   245 #8a8a8a 65 -05 -02 147 161 161 180   9  63
    base2     #eee8d5  7/7 white    254 #e4e4e4 92 -00  10 238 232 213  44  11  93
    base3     #fdf6e3 15/7 brwhite  230 #ffffd7 97  00  10 253 246 227  44  10  99
    yellow    #b58900  3/3 yellow   136 #af8700 60  10  65 181 137   0  45 100  71
    orange    #cb4b16  9/3 brred    166 #d75f00 50  50  55 203  75  22  18  89  80
    red       #dc322f  1/1 red      160 #d70000 50  65  45 220  50  47   1  79  86
    magenta   #d33682  5/5 magenta  125 #af005f 50  65 -05 211  54 130 331  74  83
    violet    #6c71c4 13/5 brmagenta 61 #5f5faf 50  15 -45 108 113 196 237  45  77
    blue      #268bd2  4/4 blue      33 #0087ff 55 -10 -45  38 139 210 205  82  82
    cyan      #2aa198  6/6 cyan      37 #00afaf 60 -35 -05  42 161 152 175  74  63
    green     #859900  2/2 green     64 #5f8700 60 -20  65 133 153   0  68 100  60

Commit message:

Update color code for symbolic links

README.md, after:

Solarized - KDE Konsole Settings
======================================

### [See official homepage for full content](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized)

About
-----
Solarized terminal theme for KDE 4's Konsole terminal client. This was adapted
from the [Xresources file](https://github.com/altercation/solarized/blob/9f1ba40686ccbf54f10851d4f1a14830fa543ae9/xresources-colors-solarized/Xresources) from March 31, 2011 and so contains the same color 
designations present there.

Modified by miker985
* Updated **Color6Intense** to differ from Color4Intense so that symlinks "pop" from regular files/dirs

Installation
------------
1. Copy the colorscheme files to ~/.kde4/share/apps/konsole/. On your system this may be ~/.kde/ instead of ~/.kde4/.
2. Open Konsole and select Settings -> Manage Profiles -> Edit Profile -> Appearance, then select either of the Solarized themes.
3. Click OK, then close, and the Solarized settings should have taken effect.

Additional Apps
---------------
* If you like these colorschemes for konsole, you might enjoy @hayalci's support for [Kate and KColorChooser.](https://github.com/hayalci/kde-colors-solarized)

The Values
----------

L\*a\*b values are canonical (White D65, Reference D50), other values are 
matched in sRGB space.

    SOLARIZED HEX     16/8 TERMCOL  XTERM/HEX   L*A*B      RGB         HSB
    --------- ------- ---- -------  ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
    base03    #002b36  8/4 brblack  234 #1c1c1c 15 -12 -12   0  43  54 193 100  21
    base02    #073642  0/4 black    235 #262626 20 -12 -12   7  54  66 192  90  26
    base01    #586e75 10/7 brgreen  240 #585858 45 -07 -07  88 110 117 194  25  46
    base00    #657b83 11/7 bryellow 241 #626262 50 -07 -07 101 123 131 195  23  51
    base0     #839496 12/6 brblue   244 #808080 60 -06 -03 131 148 150 186  13  59
    base1     #93a1a1 14/4 brcyan   245 #8a8a8a 65 -05 -02 147 161 161 180   9  63
    base2     #eee8d5  7/7 white    254 #e4e4e4 92 -00  10 238 232 213  44  11  93
    base3     #fdf6e3 15/7 brwhite  230 #ffffd7 97  00  10 253 246 227  44  10  99
    yellow    #b58900  3/3 yellow   136 #af8700 60  10  65 181 137   0  45 100  71
    orange    #cb4b16  9/3 brred    166 #d75f00 50  50  55 203  75  22  18  89  80
    red       #dc322f  1/1 red      160 #d70000 50  65  45 220  50  47   1  79  86
    magenta   #d33682  5/5 magenta  125 #af005f 50  65 -05 211  54 130 331  74  83
    violet    #6c71c4 13/5 brmagenta 61 #5f5faf 50  15 -45 108 113 196 237  45  77
    blue      #268bd2  4/4 blue      33 #0087ff 55 -10 -45  38 139 210 205  82  82
    cyan      #2aa198  6/6 cyan      37 #00afaf 60 -35 -05  42 161 152 175  74  63
    green     #859900  2/2 green     64 #5f8700 60 -20  65 133 153   0  68 100  60
